well trial well up to date what's going
up in the bird room as you can see we've
got to fit young Canaries in net pad
she's she's been feeding them and
bringing them herself he's pairing as
got she's sitting on three eggs have
checked him this morning and they seem
to be tall so they should be asking any
day now
so we'll see how they go on this hen
sitting on two eggs I'm not so hopeful
for this one
she laid one and there was a gap of
about four days or more before she laid
the second and she's been sitting on two
eggs now for about or four or five days
so she won't be acting anymore out I
don't think God Finch and these two hens
are down here there's no action there
yet but as I say gold finches often
later into breeding season sometimes
Olga stop at the minyeong so I just live
in essa pan in there and just keep an
eye on them and see if one of them
starts to go down there the exit were
laid spider just go down here they're
all infertile so I they were thrown out
the lizards
well she laid three eggs they're all in
pile and that put a nest and another
nest panel enough separated them I want
to leave a lot now for probably a week
she started to mess about him in there
to put a few bits and bobs and then I'll
put them back together again see how
they go on this end down here don't know
if you can see into the nest but she's
got three three yield I did separate the
curb because it was throwing him
out the nest and I found one of them on
the floor it was stone-cold I thought it
was dead
so that's who a bit of breathing on it
and warming it up it was that realized
so I'll put it back in attached who was
the first of the chicks to be born since
then is two others but all three of them
I've took them out the necessary now
that we're all fine once in life
slightly bit smaller but they you know
the actual
the young falling out and that's to me
bring it back round and I've done it
plenty times before and it's gonna be
fine
I've left the in there for a while
now so if he starts to feed the young if
he's a bit peeved amat leave him in
problem with with might you see the hens
bit feeding up there I've got I've got a
bit of problem with my so well I look on
the internet and I brought some of this
everyone seems to say pretty good stuff
it's organic smite the my organic powder
it's a it doesn't harm Birds it's not
harmful to humans to call them left and
out pull the a load of this in put all
the the eggs and young back in again and
go on and also I've got the mites brace
I've been spraying around in the in the
pages of this is ready to disinfectant
as well as earth to help keep the might
from problem actually growing the nests
and the eggs but I mean I'm not got so
many marches the a blast season by now
you know but still the feeding on the
young the feeding on the on the head
I'm also kid with this yes these babies
out there has took the babies out put
them in a separate nest pants and I
spoke to another chap a no food birds he
says put the nest into the microwave for
a minute so that's what I did
that should kill everything off that's
in there so I did that and then I put
the nest back up remotely I'm not
checked that nests very much since then
but I know if I take them that mess pan
out now those young will come out the
nest and the others no matter what you
do you manage to get them back in again
they'll just be around on the bottom of
a cage and a bit too small to that so I
rather just leave them where they are
and over the best three spare ends
they've gone out in the Avery with the
limits there one of them's built a nest
and later makes burden
but they're out there so I'll keep you
in touch I'll make another video in
another week or so time load through my
top three you're in this nest air to
talk about other than that fire for now